contact.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Contact
permalink: /contact/
nav_order: 98
has_children: false
has_toc: false
---

# Contact

Depending on how well you know me, it might not be that surprising that I don't post on social media all that much, but there are a few places I'm 'active' in

{% comment %}
TODO: email
{% endcomment %}

## Discord

Discord is where I'm primarily active because that's sorta just how it works

I'm `toomuchmail` on Discord and can be found hiding in the background of the [TFC](https://discord.gg/PRuAKvY) and [KubeJS](https://discord.gg/fKjDAetj) servers, coming forth when I'm needed or feel like it

These are the primary places where I provide support[^1] for KubeJS TFC, Precision Prospecting, ConfigJS, and TFCGenViewer (as applicable), but I will *always* take bug reports and feature suggestions in a mod's repo

And if I ever make a mod that's not tied to TFC/KubeJS I might talk about it in the *#showcase* channel of the [NeoForge](https://discord.gg/neoforged) server

## cohost

I loved cohost, it was something different and better. And yet, I never did use it to its fullest extent, so I'll leave this here as a keepsake

I was [@Roughly-Enough-Mail](https://cohost.org/Roughly-Enough-Mail) on cohost and occasionally I'd be salient enough to post something there. Those were good days

## GitHub

Wow! The place that hosts this site, no way

Maybe GitHub will fully pivot into being a social media with direct messaging capabilities. When that happens I can be found at [Notenoughmail](https://github.com/Notenoughmail) doing who-knows-what, probably making kube-scripts-that-*really*-oughta-be-mods

## Modrinth & CurseForge

Not really social media, but CF has direct messages so eh

- [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/user/Notenoughmail)
- [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/members/notenoughmail/projects)

Not really useful for contacting me, just felt it a good idea to include

[^1]: [Yes, yes, I know, it hurts me too](https://web.archive.org/web/20230526160925/https://cohost.org/cathoderaydude/post/474632-someone-asked-in-the), I'm not not a webdev, but I do try to make my wikis as thorough as I can

Commit message:

Contact Rework
- Email, YT
- 88x31 buttons for Links & Contact sections

contact.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Links & Contact
permalink: /contact/
has_children: false
has_toc: false
---

# Links & Contact

Depending on how well you know me, it might not be that surprising that I don't post on social media all that much, but there are other ways to reach me, these are them, below, yeah down there

## <span style="font-size:0em;">Discord</span><a href="#discord"><img src="/assets/images/discord.png" alt="Discord"></a>

Discord is where I'm primarily active because that's sorta just how it works

I'm `toomuchmail` on Discord and can be found hiding in the background of the [TFC](https://discord.gg/PRuAKvY) and [KubeJS](https://discord.gg/fKjDAetj) servers, coming forth when I'm needed or feel like it

These are the primary places where I provide support[^1] for KubeJS TFC, Precision Prospecting, ConfigJS, and TFCGenViewer (as applicable), but I will *always* take bug reports and feature suggestions in a mod's repo

And if I ever make a mod that's not tied to TFC/KubeJS I might talk about it in the *#showcase* channel of the [NeoForge](https://discord.gg/neoforged) server

## <span style="font-size:0em;">Cohost</span><a href="#cohost"><img src="/assets/images/cohost.gif" alt="cohost"></a>

I loved cohost, it was something different and better. And yet, I never did use it to its fullest extent, so I'll leave this here as a keepsake

I was [@Roughly-Enough-Mail](https://cohost.org/Roughly-Enough-Mail) on cohost; occasionally, I'd be salient enough to post something there

Those were good days

## <span style="font-size:0em;">GitHub</span><a href="#github"><img src="/assets/images/github.png" alt="GitHub"></a>

Wow! The place that hosts this site, no way

Maybe GitHub will fully pivot into being a social media with direct messaging capabilities. When that happens I can be found at [Notenoughmail](https://github.com/Notenoughmail) doing who-knows-what, probably making kube-scripts-that-*really*-oughta-be-mods

## <span style="font-size:0em;">Modrinth & CurseForge</span><a href="#modrinth--curseforge"><img src="/assets/images/modrinth.png" alt="Modrinth"><img src="/assets/images/curseforge.png" alt="CurseForge"></a>

Not really social media, but CF has direct messages so eh

- [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/user/Notenoughmail)
- [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/members/notenoughmail/projects)

Not really useful for contacting me, just felt it a good idea to include

## <span style="font-size:0em;">email</span><a href="#email"><img src="/assets/images/email.png" alt="email"></a>

Want to contact me through email? You can do that at <a href="mailto:roughlyenoughmail@gmail.com">roughlyenoughmail@gmail.com</a>. Response times will vary with how busy I am, but send something anyway, I'll get to it, eventually

## <span style="font-size:0em;">YouTube</span><a href="#youtube"><img src="/assets/images/youtube.png" alt="YouTube"></a>

I do have a youtube, you might've seen used in other parts of the site for videos. I can be found at [Just Enough Mail](https://www.youtube.com/@justenoughmail), though I don't post much of anything

[^1]: [Yes, yes, I know, it hurts me too](https://web.archive.org/web/20230526160925/https://cohost.org/cathoderaydude/post/474632-someone-asked-in-the), I'm not not a webdev, but I do try to make my wikis as thorough as I can
