kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/addons.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: TFC Addons
permalink: /kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/addons/
parent: 1.20.1
grand_parent: KubeJS TFC
has_children: false
---

# TFC Addons

KubeJS TFC offers support for some TFC Addons, this page serves as a directory for which addons are supported as well as what specifically is supported for each

- [FirmaLife](#firmalife)
- [Beneath](#beneath)
- [ArborFirmaCraft](#arborfirmacraft)
- [Precision Prospecting](#precision-prospecting)
- [TFC Casting with Channels](#tfc-casting-with-channels)
- [TFC Artisanal](#tfc-artisanal)

## Firmalife

A cooking and farming addon for TFC. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/firmalife) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/firmalife) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Recipes]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/recipes.md %}#firmalife)
- [Data types]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/data.md %}#firmalife)
- [Blocks]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/custom.md %}#firmalife-blocks)
- [Items]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/custom.md %}#firmalife-items)
- [Item stack modifiers]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/bindings/isp.md %}#firmalife)

## Beneath

A Nether rebuild based on TFC's themes. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/beneath) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/beneath) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Data types]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/data.md %}#beneath)

## ArborFirmaCraft

An expansion upon TFC's tree variety. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/arborfirmacraft-(afc)) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/arborfirmacraft) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Recipes]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/recipes.md %}#arborfirmacraft)

## Precision Prospecting

A fairly self-evident mod from the name. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/precision-prospecting) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/precision-prospecting) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Items]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/custom.md %}#precision-prospecting-items)

## TFC Casting with Channels

An addon that allows for faster casting of metals with the titular channels, read more about it on its [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tfc-casting-with-channels) page

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Mold table additions]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/custom.md %}#tfccc)

## TFC Artisanal

A relatively small addon that adds on to TFC's technology. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/tfc-artisanal) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tfc-artisanal) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Recipes]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/recipes.md %}#artisanal)
- [Item stack modifiers]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/bindings/isp.md %}#artisanal)

Commit message:

Page Consolidation
- Fix missing type ex and command pages on kjstfc 1.20.1 page
- Update 1.21 default rocks

kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/addons.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: TFC Addons
permalink: /kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/addons/
parent: 1.20.1
grand_parent: KubeJS TFC
has_children: false
desc: A directory-like page about the integration provided with several of TFC's addons
---

# TFC Addons

KubeJS TFC offers support for some TFC Addons, this page serves as a directory for which addons are supported as well as what specifically is supported for each

- [FirmaLife](#firmalife)
- [Beneath](#beneath)
- [ArborFirmaCraft](#arborfirmacraft)
- [Precision Prospecting](#precision-prospecting)
- [TFC Casting with Channels](#tfc-casting-with-channels)
- [TFC Artisanal](#tfc-artisanal)

## Firmalife

A cooking and farming addon for TFC. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/firmalife) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/firmalife) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Recipes]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/recipes.md %}#firmalife)
- [Data types]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/data.md %}#firmalife)
- [Blocks]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/custom.md %}#firmalife-blocks)
- [Items]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/custom.md %}#firmalife-items)
- [Item stack modifiers]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/bindings/isp.md %}#firmalife)

## Beneath

A Nether rebuild based on TFC's themes. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/beneath) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/beneath) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Data types]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/data.md %}#beneath)

## ArborFirmaCraft

An expansion upon TFC's tree variety. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/arborfirmacraft-(afc)) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/arborfirmacraft) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Recipes]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/recipes.md %}#arborfirmacraft)

## Precision Prospecting

A fairly self-evident mod from the name. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/precision-prospecting) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/precision-prospecting) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Items]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/custom.md %}#precision-prospecting-items)

## TFC Casting with Channels

An addon that allows for faster casting of metals with the titular channels, read more about it on its [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tfc-casting-with-channels) page

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Mold table additions]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/custom.md %}#tfccc)

## TFC Artisanal

A relatively small addon that adds on to TFC's technology. Read more about it on its [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/tfc-artisanal) and [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tfc-artisanal) pages

KubeJS TFC supports its

- [Recipes]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/recipes.md %}#artisanal)
- [Item stack modifiers]({% link kubejs_tfc/1.20.1/bindings/isp.md %}#artisanal)
